Program to input numbers and perform various calculations

Starting point is to have

1. structure
      this will have items to add various data items
      e.g. country name, total cases, total deaths
      I will start with these items and expand
      
2. linked list
      The structure will be an array as it will have
      a number of countries data.
      I want to then have this array as a linked list
      and will need to work on the various processes
      such as add, delete, amend etc


Once I have the starting point set up will want to look
at saving the data to a file so that the program can
save and retrieve from the file.

3. retrieve and save to file


STAGE 1 LETS START - COMPLETED
 pandemic.c
 the structure
 1. country
 2. total cases
 3. total deaths
 4. pointer to next structure in list
 5. store data in file and read file, manually create file for now


STAGE 2 VIEW DATA - COMPLETED
  Need to include a date value for each row in the data

STAGE 3 SEARCH - COMPLETED 
  A country search function which will sort data by date order
  and store values recdate, tcase.
  This will be used to plot graph with gnuplot.
   

STAGE 4 GITHUB
  Tidy up pandemic.c file and them add repository in github
  before continuing to next stage.


STAGE 5 MAKEFILE
  Look at seperating the functions into library files
  This will require a header file 
  Use makefile to compile project


STAGE 6 OTHER CASE
  Need to add tdeaths array. Could use tcases functions and depending on user
  input e.g. 1 = tcase 2 = tdeaths, may be able to reuse the
  same functions already built.

  
STAGE 7 DATA COLLECTION
  Review method of data colletion.
  Need to tidy up the country name , can look at using csv file 
  and how spaces are applied in country name or just manually  
  tidy up name using underscore e.g south_korea. I would make  
  all names lowercase.


STAGE 8
 Load data from program, each day file save 
 user enters file name to load.
 Thinking of file name to be date e.g. 10520 so when
 user enters name if already updated will get warning
 Could use a file to store file name uploaded.

  Each day will collect file of country listing need to append this
  to a master file. Thinking of doing this in the program. For example
  todaysFile.txt append to masterFile.txt. Will probably have prompt
  to enter file name to append e.g. 010520.txt being 1st May data.

STAGE 9 GTK
Could use glade and gtk for UI

  


  
  REFERENCES:
  gnuplot
  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3521209/making-c-code-plot-a-graph-automatically
  
  
